RESUMABLE: Clarify min-size as threshold for resumability (#3460)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-resumable-upload.md

A client can start a resumable upload from any request that can carry content by including the `Upload-Complete` header field ({{upload-complete}}). As a consequence, all request methods that allow content are possible, such as `POST`, `PUT`, and `PATCH`.

The `Upload-Complete` header field is set to true if the request content includes the entire representation data that the client intends to upload. This is also a requirement for transparently upgrading to resumable uploads from conventional uploads ({{upgrading-uploads}}).

> If the client knows the representation data's length, it SHOULD indicate the length in the request to help the server allocate necessary resources for the upload and provide early feedback if the representation exceeds `max-size` ({{upload-limit}}). This indication can be done through the `Upload-Length` header field or the combination of the `Content-Length` and `Upload-Complete: ?1` header fields (see {{upload-length}}).

Reviewer: If the server has a `min-size` limit, the server needs to know the length on upload creation so it can reject an incomplete upload under that limit. Even if it is a complete upload, the server still needs to know whether it should create an upload resource for it and send 104 responses accordingly. Therefore, I don't know if changing this to only mention `max-size` is desirable.

Other than this, everything else is great! :D

Author: That's true, let me revert this.

```suggestion
If the client knows the representation data's length, it SHOULD indicate the length in the request to help the server allocate necessary resources for the upload and provide early feedback if the representation violates a limit ({{upload-limit}}). This indication can be done through the `Upload-Length` header field or the combination of the `Content-Length` and `Upload-Complete: ?1` header fields (see {{upload-length}}).
```

Thanks for the feedback!
